buffer/README.md, before:

# rustcommon-buffer

Bi-directional buffer

## Overview

This crate provides a simple bi-directional buffer which is particularly useful
for socket communications.

It provides an interface that allows reading from and writing to a type that
implements Read and Write. It buffers bytes that have been read, enabling access
to partial reads without calling `peek()`. This is useful for when receive
traffic may need to be assembled from multiple frames. Writes are also buffered
before writing the contents out to a sink. This can make it easier to form
complex transmit traffic, such as serializing to Thrift.

## Getting Started

### Building

rustcommon is built with the standard Rust toolchain which can be installed and
managed via [rustup](https://rustup.rs) or by following the directions on the
Rust [website](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

#### View library documentation
```bash
cargo doc --open
```

## Support

Create a [new issue](https://github.com/twitter/rustcommon/issues/new) on GitHub.

## Contributing

We feel that a welcoming community is important and we ask that you follow
Twitter's [Open Source Code of Conduct] in all interactions with the community.

## Authors

* Brian Martin <bmartin@twitter.com>

A full list of [contributors] can be found on GitHub.

Follow [@TwitterOSS](https://twitter.com/twitteross) on Twitter for updates.

## License

Copyright 2019-2020 Twitter, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0:
https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

## Security Issues?

Please report sensitive security issues via Twitter's bug-bounty program
(https://hackerone.com/twitter) rather than GitHub.

[contributors]: https://github.com/twitter/rustcommon/graphs/contributors?type=a
[Open Source Code of Conduct]: https://github.com/twitter/code-of-conduct/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md

Commit message:

improve buffer api
Changes the buffer API to have better coherence with the std::io
Read, Write, and BufRead traits.

Fixes that the internal buffer types leaked as a return type.

Changes rx/tx to read/write to make it less tied to sockets.

buffer/README.md, after:

# rustcommon-buffer

Bi-directional buffer

## Overview

This crate provides a simple bi-directional buffer which is particularly useful
for socket communications.

It acts as both a `BufReader` and `BufWriter`, helping to reduce system call
overhead by accumulating writes and buffering read results.

## Getting Started

### Building

rustcommon is built with the standard Rust toolchain which can be installed and
managed via [rustup](https://rustup.rs) or by following the directions on the
Rust [website](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

#### View library documentation
```bash
cargo doc --open
```

## Support

Create a [new issue](https://github.com/twitter/rustcommon/issues/new) on GitHub.

## Contributing

We feel that a welcoming community is important and we ask that you follow
Twitter's [Open Source Code of Conduct] in all interactions with the community.

## Authors

* Brian Martin <bmartin@twitter.com>

A full list of [contributors] can be found on GitHub.

Follow [@TwitterOSS](https://twitter.com/twitteross) on Twitter for updates.

## License

Copyright 2019-2020 Twitter, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0:
https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

## Security Issues?

Please report sensitive security issues via Twitter's bug-bounty program
(https://hackerone.com/twitter) rather than GitHub.

[contributors]: https://github.com/twitter/rustcommon/graphs/contributors?type=a
[Open Source Code of Conduct]: https://github.com/twitter/code-of-conduct/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md
